Update docs for base64 encoding of password and kill auto analyze (#7896)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

>
> Currently, the automatic update does not record the configuration items input at manual `ANALYZE`. Therefore, when you use the `WITH` syntax to control the collecting behavior of `ANALYZE`, you need to manually set scheduled tasks to collect statistics.

Before TiDB v5.0, when you execute a query, TiDB collects feedback with `feedback-probability` and updates the histogram and Count-Min Sketch based on the feedback. **Since v5.0, this feature is disabled by default, and it is not recommended to enable this feature.**

Since TiDB v6.0, TiDB supports using the `KILL` statement to terminate an `ANALYZE` task running in the background. If you find that an `ANALYZE` task running in the background consumes a lot of resources and affects your application, you can terminate the `ANALYZE` task by taking the following steps:

> 1. Execute the following SQL statement to get the address and task `ID` of the TiDB instance that is executing the background `ANALYZE` task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execute the following SQL statement to get the TiDB instance address and  the `ID` of the background `ANALYZE` task:
```

    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    SELECT ci.instance as instance, cp.id as id FROM information_schema.cluster_info ci, information_schema.cluster_processlist cp WHERE ci.status_address = cp.instance and ci.type = 'tidb' and cp.info like 'analyze table %' and cp.user = '' and cp.host = '';
    ```

>     If there is no result, it indicates that no `ANALYZE` task is executing in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there is no result, it indicates that no `ANALYZE` task is running in the background.
```
It seems that _execute_ is intransitive verb?

Author: No, "execute" is transitive. See https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/execute. 
But your suggestion looks better. 👍

> 2. Use a client to connect to the TiDB instance that is performing the background `ANALYZE` task, and then execute the following `KILL` statement:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Use a client to connect to the TiDB instance where the background `ANALYZE` task is running, and then execute the following `KILL` statement:
```

> 2. Use a client to connect to the TiDB instance that is executing the background `ANALYZE` task, and then execute the following `KILL` statement:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Use a client to connect to the TiDB instance that is performing the background `ANALYZE` task, and then execute the following `KILL` statement:
```

    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    KILL TIDB ${id};
    ```

>     `${id}` is the `ID` of the background `ANALYZE` task obtained from the query of the previous step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `${id}` is the `ID` of the background `ANALYZE` task obtained in the previous step.
```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > The above `KILL` statement only works on the TiDB instance that is executing the background `ANALYZE` task, so you must use a client to connect to that TiDB instance first. If you use a client to connect to another TiDB instance, or if there is a proxy between the client and TiDB, the `KILL` statement cannot terminate the background `ANALYZE` task. For more information, see [`KILL [TIDB]`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > The above `KILL` statement only works on a TiDB instance that is executing a background `ANALYZE` task. Therefore, you must use a client to connect to that TiDB instance first. If you use a client to connect to another TiDB instance, or if there is a proxy between the client and TiDB, the `KILL` statement cannot terminate the background `ANALYZE` task. For more information, see [`KILL [TIDB]`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md).
```
